docs: Update README for enhanced user experience (#601)
AstroNvim/astrocommunity: README.md

#b7bdf8: pack
-->

> AstroNvim's community repository contains plugin configuration specifications—a collection of plugins contributed by the community for AstroNvim, a NeoVim configuration. These specifications help manage the variety of plugins used in AstroNvim.

Reviewer: Added whitespaces around a dash

```suggestion
AstroNvim's community repository contains plugin configuration specifications — a collection of plugins contributed by the community for AstroNvim, a NeoVim configuration. These specifications help manage the variety of plugins used in AstroNvim.
```

## 📦 Setup

> To integrate the community plugins, add the provided configurations to your `plugins` setup. This can be done in your `user/init.lua` file or within a dedicated file in the `user/plugins/` directory. If you're unfamiliar with these directories, we recommend referring to the [AstroNvim Readme](https://docs.astronvim.com/Configuration/manage_user_config).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To integrate the community plugins, add the provided configurations to your `plugins` setup. This can be done in your `user/init.lua` file or within a dedicated file in the `user/plugins/` directory. If you're unfamiliar with these directories, we recommend referring to the [AstroNvim documentation](https://docs.astronvim.com/Configuration/manage_user_config).
```

}
```

**Notes:**
- To disable imports, set the `enabled` option to `false`. You have two approaches to modify an existing plugin: use the full repository name (e.g., "m4xshen/smartcolumn.nvim") or the module name (e.g., "catppuccin"). Remember, the module name might differ from the folder name.

> - It's recommended to use the full import path when customizing a plugin, instead of shorthand.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It's recommended to use the full import path when customizing a plugin, and not the shorthand notation of just the repository name.
```

## Contributing

> If you've crafted a plugin configuration and wish to share it with the AstroCommunity, please follow our [Contribution Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) and submit a pull request. Ensure you've rigorously tested your changes before submission. As this isn't an official repository, its stability relies on community contributions. We're excited to see how it evolves!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you've written a plugin configuration and wish to add it with the AstroCommunity repository, please follow our [Contribution Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) and submit a pull request. Ensure you've rigorously tested your changes before submission. This isn't an official repository, so its stability relies on community contributions. We're excited to see how this project grows and evolves!
```
